the most extraordinary environments
criminal dark
fetid
evil places
i'm talking about the dismal science of
economics neoliberal economics he would
just go in there
and he would look around in a place
where nobody ever returns i mean he
would just go in there utterly utterly
dangerous he'd look around he'd say
why
why don't you why don't you change this
into something based on
uh consensus what's this debt
threat why the debts you just start uh
uh dismantling the evil
with kind of a shrug of the shoulders
and that impish uh smile on his face
and we would watch him
and he should have been he should have
been completely dismantled by now by by
by the neo-liberal henchman but he just
walks around inside that darkness
and david
all those economic people that got so
angry with you because because you were
so so uh
friendly and nonchalant and and
always acted like it was just something
that anybody could deal with and you
taught us to deal with it that way
we started doing the same thing instead
of going in like economics people full
of defensive rhetoric and uh mysterious
professional
huber joby just go in and be human amen
and that's what we've got to have right
now we need that blessing we've got
we're locked down again here in new york
we're on lockdown
lena comes home from school somebody's
positive now suddenly we lock the doors
we've got it
i just feel like we've got to have we've
got to have the ability to go into this
dismal time
and just shrug our shoulders and say
well
let's find a positive here
something's going on the earth is giving
us a message he will have some don't you
don't you think that's true people he
would have something to say about even
the pandemic
he would make it a good thing that we
could deal with
that's a blessing i want right now for
all of us here at this birthday party
happy birthday david amen
amen amen
excuse me oh just
yeah
do do we want to
yeah to take over
for a second
um
well
you know
when i um
can i talk about meeting him
yeah that's so good okay
well
i know some people like um
hollywood and
she's like a
politically minded person you know
police a political activist and um she
was really into david and
um
i started yeah i think she's here
hollywood uh you mean like a blogger
yeah like i made it in a text with you i
think she's here she was in our wedding
is she introduced
hi holly anyways um
you know
and i started uh
reading more
about david and and
eventually um
you know i was playing a concert i
started following him and i was playing
a concert in london at victoria park a
really big festival
and so i knew that he was teaching at
the college
and uh i i
asked him hey david would you like to go
to this concert i don't
really invite
guests like other people but if you'd
like you know you can come back stage
and just hang out and we'll talk and
stuff and
so he came and that was really cool and
we
talked about a bunch of things and then
um
uh
it was funny um
we were talking about cultural
anthropology and
[Laughter]
silly stuff and i just said
i mentioned um
this these these ancient ruins in turkey
like the oldest ones they found
i can't pronounce it what does it go be
doubly techy or whatever it is and um
i was like
it's really interesting because they've
always thought that uh
society turned to farming first and then
that
built the cities and everybody coming
together and religion and all this other
stuff came out of that
when we stop being i mean uh complex
religions but it turns out that they
got all the hunters and gatherers
together to do this these temples and
then
agriculture came out of that
because it predates agriculture and
these are like stone
temples that were there before
anything else so he didn't know anything
about it
but now i mean in the last whatever
eight years everybody knows
but um basically you know uh
i'm really happy to to be here to honor
david and um
he's such a unique person
um
yeah i can tell how i met you
uh david uh uh tell to my son benjamin
that he knows until you come and he
showed us a movie and my i didn't know
the band but my son was like totally
stunned he was like oh my god no i can't
believe it do you really know this
person so dude it just grew up in his
eyes like tremendously
because it's turned out yeah you were
celebrity and then we went to berlin to
your studio and you make us very healthy
cocktail with
jesus something like
yeah and stuff like that
it's very very sweet and
what i really liked about david was um
he's one of those people with a life
that
you're kind of like
i can't believe i'm getting away with
this like he was he he's smart in the
way chomps he's smart it's like
he knows exactly what he's talking about
so you can't really
you couldn't really mess with him with
uh
you know semantical arguments that that
don't make sense you know like people
that
his work you know what i'm saying like
it ultimately it led to a kind of
freedom for him and for other people i
think but especially for him
which is it was play for him serious
play
well because it's mad genius
it's what i
imagine god to be like you know this
kind of playful
when you when you know something you
know
then then you're so comfortable in that
knowledge in a way like
he didn't have a lot of hostility
towards people
like even how frustrating that can be
when you
when
it's a lonely place sometimes
when you know that when you have that
kind of information you can articulate
it you know
and just the stupid arguments that
people make
to justify their existence
[Laughter]
our society the threads that hold
everything together i guess you know i
just thought it was really fascinating
talking to him and also just to see that
control
you know and that the humorous light
touch to it to it
um
you know
i uh
i don't know you know i didn't
i just think it's
he had many rare qualities you know
and they don't make people like that
every single day
you know
and uh several friends of mine were like
they just can't imagine all this
craziness in the world without
having that kind of
struck
it's like it's like having bones inside
you you know like the intellectual
scaffolding you know to hold on to you
know
not i'm not not with covet but just like
the
bs that's so funny that his book is like
[__] josh you know but really
the ultimate [__] job is the facade
that everybody carries
to make society function you know that's
the ultimate [__] job that everybody
has it's like these these uh false
constructs
that that are keeping everything
together
and that's what i found refreshing about
him is he was he was himself you know
what do you think he likes about your
music
because i think he was really fascinated
by you
well you know he he jumped right in on a
really good show it was like crazy
you know not not every that's what i
love about music is that um it's
like bullfighting in this sense
it's like
sometimes you win and sometimes the bull
wins and you sometimes the bulls winning
and you wrestle it to the ground
i mean and not to offend any vegans or
animal liberation people i'm just saying
as a metaphor
that's what i love about it is it can be
going so south and so wrong and you you
do something and then everything just
changes immediately in the perspective
and i love the jazz element
and he came on a very good day it was
just one of those days where i woke up
in london and i
sort of just prayed
just said
just let this go okay okay you know i
don't think about rock star things or
i'm going to do this little
shake my butt in front of a mirror and
get the move down you know clap and turn
around or something i just want to play
good and i want everybody to be happy
and it was so strange because we were
playing and then the heavens opened up
with this rain but everybody in england
has the at festivals has their little
plastic and stuff and umbrellas
and i was just like oh
and then um
i didn't notice it stopped and we were
playing behind this um it was sort of a
dome
on this big stage and i didn't i didn't
know but there was a double rainbow the
whole time so it was just
it was a really magical day and
the best part of it for me was you know
i invited back to the bus and we just
hung out and and talked and
we developed a friendship and then he he
introduced me to other people like that
and all like uh different people
you know
uh
what's his name he's caught from
have you ever met him it have yeah cute
heart he's not here he's feeling uh
bad after the first uh
first injection but uh
yeah he was very very close
i think i i do do you want to
because i also want to i saw here katie
yogurt and david reeve people who was uh
who actually like was doing this
carnival for david
and i just wanted them to say hi because
um
you're supposed to to
to play music
i am supposed to play music how would i
do that
i don't know i've got a recording though
you can do that
i see i'm i'm a bit shy
okay so maybe we should then uh we
should do the
the
concert later and just talk to you
um i don't know
what what should we do
yeah
do we have neil
play yes
all right
okay
um
right um
[Music]
i will i'm just sort of making sure the
uh strings are all there yeah maybe
i'm
[Music]
uh
and so
he
we just became very very good friends
and uh
he used to have a flat
but uh
but over that was almost overlooked what
they call the canopy in portobello
and um
he got to know us and sometimes we'd be
the last bat last of night in with the
last bookstore
the last book stole last stop packing up
uh under this big tent and he'd say you
hungry and then um he'd call up but uh
he'd call up
they deliver chinese food and he'd bring
over his best crockery and we'd take out
a table and we'd sit around a table with
a half dismantle stall
and um
and share food um that's
you know that's david you know he it was
just it was so spontaneous and he was a
regular visitor
he'd bring his take away food and uh
have a look and we'd see he'd look for
treasures on the stool
and you know you get to know
aspects of people through their through
books and uh as i said i've always felt
that um one of the that sherlock holmes
featured very heavily with david
the um the joy of discovery and finding
his own way of discovering stuff
so uh yes so um
yeah it's like it's it's well we're
covered now but um
we'd expect when david was in town for
him to be walked through maybe a couple
of times in a day and uh
you know and he'd uh give a few get we
gotta always had a few [__] jobs on
the store
so uh david was david was a good friend
lovely friend and neighbor he said uh
he adopted myself on magdalen who's very
shy on the camera to be his uh adopted
parents in the neighborhood so it was
just a great honor i mean i'm not that
much older than david but
i don't know what about anyway so david
was
david was a really good friend and we
loved
oh david he'd like that you know it's
like those moments you know there's this
instance i mean when those people are
alive for those
those instances we can they're
completely alive oh david like that you
know just sort of
he's still you know obviously david
resonates in so many ways with all of us
and the way we look at things and think
well what would david do how he
um do that anyway so anyway i did this
in the song um
i just um
[Music]
i dedicate this song which is a song for
heroes which is uh
which is uh
you know it was i i've said this before
about this song i did it before and that
david he never wanted to be out front
taking all the credit he'd want to be
he'd want to be in the group all these
other people yeah well i did this but i
wrote that word of 99 and then somebody
else wrote percent whatever it was so
anyway this is a
song for heroes
this is a song for he
rose
no medals none
nor on a strong
the queen goes
this is a song
for
heroes
[Music]
a song for those
as yet
unsung
as those for whom
[Music]
sacrifice
what they do and they
don't
think twice
[Music]
are even once let's be
precise
[Music]
for those who do what won't
get done
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a song for heroes
this is a song for her
those who do
what
no one else does
this is a song for
heroes
[Music]
a selfless fight
it's what they do and they don't think
twice
are even once let's be precise
[Music]
so one last time for he
wrote
a song for one no more
unsung
[Music]
this is a song for heroes
this is a song for
heroes
[Music]
song
care freedom
[Music]
yeah there we go
care freedom song care freedom is well
david care freedom
yeah freedom is exactly the motto of our
museum of care which is organizing this
event today actually neil uh it's
fantastic because one of the people
who's here anka
ten years ago she means okay yeah
that's i i haven't been to london in
many many years and that's how i know of
you
famous character
internationally interdimensionally yeah
well i don't know about international
yeah but no she did a very it was a very
uh it's funny about
that yeah that was the film because at
the time it's like
uh i couldn't
i i can't i couldn't really absorb it it
was a bit too close it's like when you
record a song or something you can't you
need some distance but
years later you see anything oh goodness
you know that's the way
life used to be and um
[Music]
uh
you know sunday it was sundays i went to
think about sundays you know now
sundays uh
no anyway you know the way things are
each day becomes like sunday because it
sounds like sunday anyway and that's
what we used to do on sunday in the
market that was that that's almost
before david was
in the hood he was around
that was you know good for anchor
people like it was nice
i gave the film around and people it was
nice to remind people of the old days
very old days you know
so
yes hopefully we will
go back to meeting every sunday very
soon so now yeah absolutely
we're in a bit of a schedule here so we
have to present
uh you
band called alcadicots they come from
russia
and
i think they will play something for us
is that right nico
i hope so are you here guys
hey
i like they said they hear
kiril medvedev
can you unmute
kirill
hey
okay i don't know they're saying they're
here but i don't hear them if somebody
seek it on medvedev
no
okay
sorry about that
i got so jealous of his books his
beautiful bookshelf that i put on my
virtual bookshelf background
[Laughter]
is that david's bookshelf up there yeah
yours
all right
[Laughter]
i have one with the that's a gun wall
too
just in case i'm talking to some nutty
people in america
i think kirill's joining now nika
yeah he's just joining now
connected
nika you're on mute
okay
yeah i just wanted to introduce them but
maybe they can do themselves kirill are
here
yes
you can hear us
uh-huh
hi
hi friends we are arcadicon's band
and
we would like to to
present our our song about partisan lucy
publishing
can you hear us
yes
yes and i think you know this uh
song
we translated into russian and
you can sing
with us
real let me tell you quickly uh it's a
woody guffrey song and i just want to
say that david's mom knew woody gaffrey
they were not really friends but they
were like really know each other so
woody
gave a drawing to like a present he's
drawing to to david's mom because
david's mom performer in uh
singer
so
uh
yeah and it's translated into russian
that's great
[Music]
we are facing several problems including
our next
[Music]
it's just too late in moscow
but we survived and
will start just in
few seconds
[Music]
hello
um
[Music]
foreign
i
[Music]
is
hey
yes
[Music]
is
[Applause]
[Music]
very
nice public
that's the song
yeah
yeah i i
yes
this is the words sorry i didn't do it
before it was
uh
moscow
[Music]
so sorry now we have to
turn out just a shot here yeah
hmm
all right i believe that marissa would
like to um perhaps lead us in a
uh cakes and candles ritual
oh
at least i want some cake
hi
yeah
uh well we have we have some oh have
some cake here
um that we can light i don't know i hear
other people also have cake
get your cake
do we have a song that's called get your
cake
no i think we'll sing sing happy
birthday oh okay and uh then transition
from there
um how do i
there you go
oh
[Music]
get your cake get your candles
okay i'll get the lights out
most of them
yeah
this is crazy
oh look at that look oh it's nice
gabby's
you've got like a serious cake
[Music]
i want to see that cake
how can we make it
um
[Music]
i like the stars you can say something
we want to see a cake
everyone who has cake say something so
we can
candle
hey
with so many people
um but if we could uh unmute and try to
sing happy birthday
be interesting
is that right yes
okay five four
[Music]
three happy birthday
today
[Music]
make a wish for david like you know
if you can imagine like what david would
wish for if he's still here make that
wish
um
[Music]
what kind um cake are you having this is
an earl grey orange cupcake
it's gluten free and vegan thank you
very much
can you tell me about the rituals that
um you were doing
about gabby hoffman and stuff that was
yeah so the
you know talking with with nika and uh
i guess after we eat our cake and we can
do something but um
years ago um i was
part of this anti-war action in dc and
we were shutting down the intersections
around the capitol building
uh which has a whole new significance
now but at the time
we were preparing this you know like
non-island uh blockade and um
mississippian and starhawk and um and
other many others were involved there
was a local local dc training group that
was involved
um
and
we basically
uh had a lot of drama and fracturing
like in the organizing and there's one
of those very tense moments and um we
ended up in the basement i think it was
the the code pink house at the time
um but we were in in a circle
in the basement and just holding hands
um and breathing and then uh lisa and
starhawk
um
let us end juniper um let us in the
ritual of just making present the the
ancestors
um so i thought that that would be
appropriate for
you know for this space to sort of call
on david as as an ancestor make you know
make him present um
and i i have a bit of sage
so i thought we could we could do that
and
if if people are
next to someone that they can hold hands
with or you know if you want to touch
the screen maybe as a substitute i mean
it's kind of not the same but
it will be something um just to indicate
that we're connected and um
we could just say
you know like david graber presente
davidgreeper presente
and then think of
you know what what kind of um wish david
would
would make
that would be
that would be great so that's what i had
in mind
should we say it in english instead of
in portuguese like david graber is
present david graver is present david
reaper is present
sure no in as many languages as possible
really
whatever you want yeah whatever language
is good for i guess we have russian you
know we have different different
languages on the call so i guess yeah
whatever makes sense
okay so we're holding the screen yeah
yeah so hold the screen and um
i'll just
run some of this sage
i'm sorry for i need an instructions
okay so just just hold hold my hands up
and say you know david graber presented
or present or whatever makes sense for
you
david
is
okay that's all
i just want to ask also who's here
who
[Music]
how did you guys celebrate
hey i'm sorry i didn't hear that um
i uh i'm an old friend of david's i
actually um
was with him when he was still a
graduate student at the university of
chicago
and um
and
one year at yale as well and he was also
one year at haverford
and
what i always remembered about david was
how childlike he was and you know
he really loved
sorry this is really hard for me
can i come back
oh it's okay
i
i also i i know david from from yale as
well
and one of my nicest
one memory that keeps coming up for me
right now is thinking about there was a
there was a program
where you could take a faculty mentor
out for lunch to a cafeteria
and myself and another student we would
always go with david and we'd say okay
who's the faculty mentor and he'd be
like that's me
and then the two of us would say like
and who's the who needs mentorship and
we'd like that's us
and it was
just really nice it was nice yale was
not a very nice place so it was
little
nice moments of um
of
maybe in some ways i'm kind of honoring
david as a teacher and a mentor as well
does anyone else have memories of david
that they want to share
diana baby's here
i'll say a couple of things and
very first of all um
really happy to be here and to see
people and uh
that was a very evocative and lovely
uh celebration marissa that invocation
and it actually made me really feel sort
of
the presence and how much i miss david
really every day um
i'm you know
struck by
you know it's first of all it's just
lovely it's sort of funny of david as as
you know people who spent time with him
know was of course obviously incredibly
incredibly brilliant and he brought so
much insight to
everything um and i was saying today
also on twitter you know that i
especially miss him right now when we're
headed into a really dangerous moment
for the kurdish people which is i'm sure
most of you know is something that david
worked on a great deal over the last
several years
and i just keep thinking about how hard
it is not to be able to pick up the
phone or
get on you know
i mess it and
i get his advice and talk and strategize
and plan and you know and conspire
together and all of those things but you
know it also as other people have noted
that there's just that personal side the
beauty and softness and kindness of
david and as i see people here you know
it's so nice for example to see neil i
remember one day when i was in london
and telling david how nice it was to you
know be there and he said but you
haven't met neil yet you have to come to
the to portobello road you know you
can't and and finally you know he did
get to take me around and it was such a
pleasure to stop and to the stand there
and to see neil and you know and then i
see james schneider who i've never met
but you know i remember david
very concerned about how to sort out
james's love life you know we had to
work on that
too you know so the big things and the
small things sort of in every way
there was this sense of joy about life
of optimism of you know that we were
going to make the world a better place
and uh you know all i can think of is to
just keep carrying that
that sort of beauty
with me as as we go forward so thank you
for doing this it's lovely to see you i
can't stay too much longer but it's been
a real pleasure
maybe we should ask james schneider now
because james uh indirectly introduced
me and david while being living in new
york at the same time and
james
yeah
thank you thank you nico for for
organising this and and everybody for
um
yeah for their involvement and their
their love of david and
um
debbie fortunately um it all worked out
yeah no i might
david david you know played a
a very very important role in um
just kind of cajoling my um
my now uh girlfriend telling her no no
no no he really loves you honestly and
um
no no you should um no you just speak to
miss well it it's all absolutely fine
um
he was he was actually we had dinner
with him
that we we we've been together before
when we broke up before we had dinner
with him
the
aft after dinner we're walking back from
um
this uh this chinese restaurant that had
really amazing duck
uh in
chinatown in london that he
really liked is great
and and yeah then we like broke up on
the walk back and then about 18 months
later um or maybe less than that i can't
remember anyway sometime later
in part with david x and urging so i i
mean
if i didn't owe him lots and lots of
things otherwise i definitely i
definitely owe him that
and yeah exactly as debbie said what uh
he was so
just um
uh
such an amazing human such a
you know loving and
weird and warm and
um
soft
uh
person and um
yeah it's i i miss him a lot and
it was so
it was really it was also really nice to
see how how happy he was with um with
nika and
how
um
so we're not just happy it's like
relaxed however sort of like sort of
relaxed and comfortable
um he was and that was
yeah that was just lovely to see anyway
so
yeah it was really for that it was
actually very funny that he knew for a
long time and suddenly he was
speechwriter of corbin and he just
suddenly felt like oh my god i have
access to power i can just
tell him like you know what do you think
about that
so
and advise him and so on and so forth so
that was yeah i wish i'd done a bit more
of some of the things that he said but
it was all yeah it was always fun that
getting having to sort of very very long
text back and forth about whatever
nonsense was go it was uh was going on
and yeah he was always a great supporter
for
what we were
what we were trying to do i think
because um even though the politics
aren't the same it's definitely saw that
we were trying to
um open up some movements rather than
close them down and co-opt them and
yeah and also but david david i mean
[__] you say this a lot and like david
was extremely pragmatic
you know it's like if this thing is
going to help with with this thing then
great
um
and and i'm really not very dogmatic at
all
um i'm really
sort of creative and flexible person and
thinker i mean super principled like 100
principled not not like breaking the
line but but can see the difference
between where where where's principal
and where's pragmatism what's what
strategy and what tactic what's tactics
but yeah just a brilliant a brilliant
thinking brilliant human
um
and uh yeah so it was
just wonderful knowing him really
oh and also like loki's come just now is
he
and that's uh
another person that david was really
fascinated in
london
hi hi can you see me is this way better
or this way this way is better
this way is better okay
um
well it's so nice to be here and thank
you so much for um the invitation
um
it's funny because hearing
these um
testimonies
of what it was like to be around david
makes me feel closer to him
and and that's a lovely thing
i always found him
to be
a very very generous person
in disagreement
and i think that it's a very rare
quality
um he would give you the feeling
that it's almost as if you agreed with
each other
because he was so
kind
while he was telling you
that what you think is complete rubbish
but he tell you in the nicest way
um
and and what you know i live
next to grenfell tower um
i've been here for around 20 years
david lives in the wider area
and when we have the march on a monthly
basis
david would always come
dressed immaculately
but he would he was always so gracious
and
his way of being there was not
to say you know not that it's in him or
not that it's in many others who would
come on a monthly basis but he was
somebody who
people would have benefited from
his experience and his ideas and
learning from him but at no point was he
ever
um
making people aware of that you know you
wouldn't you wouldn't know that this uh
really important and fantastic brain
was uh walking around
so um
you know i remember one time at world
transform
uh following
the the talk
that i'd given
he
he on a quite a small small point about
trump really blew my mind in a major way
and you know it's such it's such a loss
it's such a loss to not have him now
um
giving us new ways to look at things and
and think of things
but
it's really good
to hear
what you all have to say also and um and
thank you for inviting me
but so we should continue you should do
the
chant but rap
if uh
ladies
so i think that's the that
[Music]
i think david would be really
i think he would feel strange somebody
would call him like
this
amazing brain or things like that he
would show himself that and i don't
think he would like to
so let's let's just keep going
as if he would be alive
so that's my strategy at least that's
how i i cope i just don't
don't agree that he disappeared
yep
i see um
new new is back and uh also starhawk
joined in the corner i'm not sure i know
starhawk was like
driving somewhere and so maybe there's
like a window
to check in with her
oh
uh i could say something um
i wanted to say that uh what i really
loved about there were so many things
about david that was just so amazing
but um
we
i always loved the fact that he we could
just laugh about any little thing and
anytime there's something that is
you know transgressive or the um
the underdog
uh
you know
gets back at the oppressor i think that
every time that happens in the world i
always think of him
uh even with the um the whole gamestop
thing i was just thinking about him the
whole time and how much he would just
love that um and i would just would have
loved his analysis of that
um
you know i i
love the fact that he
gave you a reason not to feel bad like i
remember when i was at the
university of chicago i
you know i wasn't like a lot of students
who would just work these insane hours
and he he
basically
would let people know that it was okay
not to be like that um
you know that people were
you know creative in spurts and um
it just
you know just
getting there and being
just
uh not sure of yourself and just always
thinking that you you don't work hard
enough and um it just gave us
it gave me sort of like
a world where it's okay not to be like
that
um
you know and uh it i think it just
infuses
his work in general
um
so
he just loved the sort of like the
little things like
like this i have this like giant
cockroach here that is uh
it just runs around and he would just
love things like this
you know um
i'm from new orleans so
you know this cockroach is funny to me
um
and uh
you know he
i guess that's that's all i want to say
now
everyone who
knows him
just knows what a
kind loving
and optimistic person he was and just
you know obviously just
piercing brilliance
um
but uh anyway i just
i'm like and nika i i
i agree with you i don't think he's
quite gone uh i'm not
i'm not religious uh but i i i think
that uh
maybe in in physics
you know uh
we we may still find him we just don't
have the uh we just don't know enough
about reality yet i think anyway i'm
just
uh i'm just very happy to be here with
you guys
and uh
and um
thank you so much
yeah i just wanted to say that i was
never jealous of know because snow is so
nice
all david's passwords everywhere will
still contain your name
i kind of like
share my space with pure from the
beginning and i was really pleased to to
meet you
in london some chance ago with your
family
okay before um olivia philotica will
guide us in um guided meditation um i
can't wait for that
we have a recording from
zaran who couldn't be here with us but
he offered us um a
maori chant
um so i'll play that right now
i think he's here wait is he oh
i didn't see him
okay i'll play it now then
mario
[Music]
foreign
all right thank you zon for the
recording when you see the recording of
this then you can hear me saying thank
you for that recording
um
all right so would you like to lead us
in the meditation um
uh olivia
all right
hey there olivia there we go how are you
guys doing hello
you all got your coffee
it's not a fundamental part of the whole
thing so if you don't have coffee
nothing is gonna happen
um gabby just said that was very
beautiful that was fantastic thank you
it really was
um
so i
i i won't take very long of your time
with this boring thing but i said i met
david uh the first time i met david he
turned up in our anthropology
social anthropology year one class
with a cup of coffee
um and that's
always going to stay
in my mind us the image of david they've
got
um we
you know we became friends we did a
million things together but that one
image of him turning up in that
classroom with that
lovely warm weird smile of his
is always going to be in my head so i
thought if we are going to bring an
offering with us in our meditation
might as well be coffee
so are you sit yourself
comfortably
close your eyes
[Music]
and imagine
a white
circle
of light
on the floor
around you
this purple
from the floor
rises
up
and up
and it folds over your head
so that
just underneath
a dome
white light
keep your eyes closed
and take a deep breath
inhale
from your nose
and exhale heavy
heat breathing
and profoundly
and as you do
imagine your back
connecting to the ground
underneath your feet
imagine a white string
of light
connecting you to the earth
breath
listen deeper
and deeper
into the earth
now imagine yourself
walking into an elevator
and the elevator starts going down
seven floors
with each floor
take a deep breath
one floor
two floors
three floors
four
five
six
seven
the doors of the elevator open
and you come out
at night
the first thing you notice
it's a full moon
you're in a garden
imagine the garden
what kind of plants can you see
what kind of flowers
is there a stream of water
can you hear any noises
have a look around
make yourself a home
explore the garden for a minute
as you look around
you see a bench
visualize the bench very very clearly
what material is he made of
what trees surround it
what light does the moon cast over it
what can you see
behind it
start walking towards the bench
you're coming from jackie rosen's
democrats
you sit down
you look around
and suddenly from behind the tree
wearing a top hat
holding a cup of coffee
wearing a checked waistcoat
comes david
his right hand is holding a coffee
left hand can you spock it
oh hello
he says
he sits down next to you
and you chat
take a few minutes
chat with him
you